---
title: 2020-2-18-C5 T1 S2 
date: 2020-2-18
permalink: /posts/2020/2/18/blog-post-IELTS/ 
tags: 
- IELTS
- 精听
renderNumberedHeading: true
grammar_cjkRuby: true
---


hello and welcome to today's buyer ~~??~~ {beware}(小心 提防) programme, we'll give you some tips on how to spend you money wisely.
now in today's show we're looking at beds for children and babies.
let's talk about baby ~~corts~~ {cots}(简易床), that's for children ~~??~~ of up to three years old.
we tested three different cots, all in the budget price range and  as usual we will feature the good points, the problems and our ~~???~~ {verdict}(裁定 结论). 
the first cot we looked at was by baby safe and it had several good points to ~~recommended~~ {recommend}(推荐) it.
our testers liked the fact that it had four wheels, so it was easy to ~~?? ground~~ move around.
they only ~~slide~~ slight problems with this cot were that it had no ~~breaks~~ {brakes}(刹车) but they didn't think that ~~??~~ {mattered}(要紧 有关系) too much.
at first they were be concerned about the side bar, because they felt babies could trap their finger in it, but our testers felt that this was unlikely to happen so they have given this one a verdict of satisfactory.
the next cot was by choice cots and this time our testers ~~replaced~~ was pleased find a cot which is simple to put together unlike other's we looked at.
on the {minus}(不足) side, our testers did not like the fact that the side cot didn't drop down, making it difficult to pick up newborn babies.
however, the real problem with this cot was the space between the bars; our testers found that was too wide and baby could easily trap his head.
we felt this was real **safety hazard** 安全隐患 and so we have labeled this one dangerous, I'm afraid.
and finally better news for the mother's choice cot.
this cot was slightly different in that, although the side bar did not drop down the base could be raised or lowered into two different positions making it safe as well as convenient.
the negatives for this one were {quite minor}(相当小的) the only {niggle}(v. 拘泥小节 挑剔) everyone had was fact that it has no wheels and the only problem anyone could find, was that there were pictures which were simply **stuck on**卡住 and so could easily ~~be attached~~ become detached 分离.
the makers have now promised to discontinue停止 this practice.
as this cot will then be safe in every way, we have made the mother's choice cot our best buy.
congratulations mother's choice!
so what features should you look for in a baby's cot?
well obviously safety is a very important factor as well as {comfort}(舒适 安慰) and convenience.
we recommend that if you are buying a cot, do you make sure that any metal present is not {rusted}(生锈) or {bent}(弯曲) in any way.
you should ensure your cot has only {rounded}(圆形的) or smooth edging without any sharp edges, this is a especially important for wooden cots.
and now on to beds for {toddlers}(学步的小孩).


----------
budget price  廉价     budget motel  收费公道的汽车旅馆
feature  v. 描述特征
verdict  n. 评语，结论
recommend  v. 推荐
slight problem  小毛病
brake  n. 刹车
matter  v. 要紧，有重大关系
minus side  负面(因素)
niggle  n. 轻微的抱怨
detach  v. 分开，拆开
discontinue  v.终止
rust  v.生锈
bent in  向内弯曲
toddler  蹒跚学步的人
safety hazard  安全隐患
stuck on  卡住

拓展：
receipt  n. 发票 收据
docket  n. 标签 签条
refund  n.&v. 退款
ring the bill  结账
rail  n. 货架
