---
title: C5 T1 S4
date: 2020-2-20
permalink: /posts/2020/2/20/blog-post/ 
tags: 
- 
- 
- 
renderNumberedHeading: true
grammar_cjkRuby: true
---



ok, so you've been looking at the attitudes of various social and cultural groups towards the management personal finances how important they feel it is to save money and what they save their money for.

one aspect(方面) that we haven't yet considered is gender.

so if we consider gender issues we're basically asking whether men and women have different attitudes towards saving money, and whether they save money for different things:

backing in 1928 the British writer George Bernard Shaw wrote in his intelligent women's guide to socialism(社会主义) and capitalism(资本主义) that man is supposed to understand politics economics and finance, and is therefore unwilling to accept essential instruction. he also said a woman, having fewer pretensions(自负) is far more willing to learn.

now, though these days people might question(质疑) a lot of the assumptions(假设) contained those statements(陈述 声明), recent research does suggest there are some quite fundamental(根本的) differences between men and women in their attitudes to economics matters.

let's look what men and women actually save for.

research studies of women in North America have found that women are far more likely to(更有可能) save for their children's education and they are also more likely to save up(存起来) in order to buy a house one day.

the same studies have found that men, on the other hand, tend to save for a car which by the way takes a surprisingly large a mount of the household(家庭) budget in North America.

but the other main priority for men when saving money is their retirement.

when they're earing, they're far more likely to put money aside for their old age than women are.

now this is rather disturbing, because in fact the need for women to save for their old age is far greater than for men.

let's consider this for a moment.

to start with, it is a fact that throughout(到处) the world women are likely to live many years longer than man so they need money to support them during this time.

since(因为) women are likely to be the ones left without a partner in old age, they may therefore(因此) have to pay for nursing care, because they don't have a spouse(配偶) to look after them.

furthermore(此外) the high divorce(离婚) rates in North America are creating a poverty cycle for women.

it is the divorce women who will most often have to look after the children and thus they need more money to look after not just themselves but others.

so what can be done about this situation?

the population in North America is likely to contain an increasing number about elderly women.

the research indicates that at present for women it takes a crisis(陷入危机) to make them think about their future financial situation.

but of course this is the very worst time for anyone to make important decisions.

women today need to look ahead, think ahead - not wait until they're under pressure.

even women in their in early twenties need to think about pensions(养老金), for example, and with increasing numbers of women professional positions, there are signs that this is beginning to happen.

then research also suggests that women avoid dealing effectively with the economic situation because of a lack of confidence.

the best way for them to overcome this is by getting themselves properly(适当的) informed so they are less dependent on other people's advice.

a number of initiatives(举措) have been set up to help them do this.

this college,for example is one of the educational institutions(教育机构) which offers night  classes in money management, and increasing numbers women are enrolling(报名参加) on such courses.

here, they can be given advice on different ways of saving.

many women are unwilling to invest(投资) in stocks(股票) and shares(股份), for instance(例如), but these can be extremely profitable(极大利润  profit 利润).

it is usually advised that at least 70% of person's savings(个人储蓄) should be in low-risk investments, but for the rest(其他人), financial advisers(财务顾问) often advise taking some well-informed risks.

initiatives such as this(诸如此类的举措) can give women the economic skills and knowledge they need for a comfortable and independent retirement.

the increasing proportion of elderly women in the population is likely to have other economic consequences(后果 结果)...
 
 ---
 总结：
 pretension  n. 抱负，意图；自负
 save up  储蓄
 nursing care  照料
 pension  n. 退休金
 low-risk investment  低风险投资
 initiative  n. 第一步 着手；主动精神；举措
 consequence  n. 后果
 spouse  配偶
 
 拓展：
 overdraft  n.&v. 透支
 bank of issue  发行银行
 exchange bank  汇兑银行
 authorized bank  外汇指定银行
 specialized bank  专业银行
