---
title: C5 T1 S1
date: 2020-2-17
permalink: /posts/2020/2/17/blog-post-IELTS/ 
tags: 
- IELTS
- 精听
renderNumberedHeading: true
grammar_cjkRuby: true
---

C5 T1 S1


good afternoon, dreamtime travel, how can i help you?
hello, i'm interested in the holiday you **offer** along coast **near** here.
yes,we operate several **{tours up}(连读)** the coast, where in particular did you want to go?
well, i like the sound of the holiday **{that}(没听到)** mentioned whales, was it whale watching ?
oh that's **{i'll}(our 听错了)** whale watching experience.
it's very popular and it's based in a lovely little {time}(town) with nice beaches.
oh right, and how long does it **{lost}(last)**?
it's two days,that is includes four hours' travel time each way from here.
good, i don't want to be any longer **{???}(than that )**, so is that by coach?
actually it's by minibus. we like to keep those tours small {???}(and) personal so we don't take a hole coach load of people.
in fact, we only take up to fifteen people on this tour, althongh we do run **{the}(it)** with just twelve or thirteen.
oh, right. so do you run these tours often?
well it depends on the time of year. of coures in peak times like the summer holidays we do {???}(them every) weekend, but at the moment it's usually once a month at most.
and when is the next one going?
let me see. there's one in 3 week's time which is April 18th, and then we don't have another one until June the 2nd.
all right, and is April  a good time to go?
pretty good. though the really good time is later in the year.
I have to say though that the whale sighting is only one of many things offered.
really ?
yes. the hotel itself where you stay has grate facilities. it's called the pallisades.
the Paris what?
no, it's the pallisades, pallisades, it's right on the {??}(main) beach there.
oh, I see.all of the rooms have nice views and the food is really good there too.
oh right. and what about the other things? you know, that are included in {??}(the ) price.
oh, there  are lots of things.
if you don't want to do the whale watch cruise, your guide will take anyone who is interested {??}(either on the) bush walk through the national park near the hotel, and there's no extra charge for that, or on a fishing trip.
that's an extra $12 I think. and there's also a reptile ~~parking~~  park in town that costs more less than the same.
no, I think {I}(I'd 失爆) prefer the whales to snakes.
yeah. and if you just want to relax you are free to sit by the hotel pool or go down the beach.
oh, and they also have tennis {course}(courts) at the hotel, but you have to pay for those by the hour.
but there are table tennis tables downstairs and they're part of the accommodation package. just speak to your guide.
well that sounds good. so how much is the basic tour price?
at this time of year it's usually around $300 but let me check. oh, it's actually $280.
and the next tour,are there any places on that one?
how many people is it for?
there are two of us.
yes, that should be fine. can I just mention that we require all bookings to be made at least 14 days before you travel to avoid cancellation of tours.
and if you cancel within seven days of departure you will have to pay 50% of your {??}(total) booking.
ok
and you also need to pay 20% deposit at the time of booking.
can I pay that by credit card?
yes, you can.
all right, what I'll do is I'll talk to my partner and get back to you.
fine, so I'll make a provisional booking, shall I? two for the whale watching experience.
let me issue you with a customer reference number for when you call back. do you have a pen?
yes.
ok, it's 39745t, that t for tango.
when you call back, ask to speak to the tour manager, that's me, Tracy.
fine, I will.


----------


总结:
cruise  n. 游览，周游 
bushwalk  n. 丛林徒步旅行 
reptile  n. 爬行动物 
tennis court  网球场 
by the hour  按小时 
accommodation package  一揽子膳宿计划 
cancellation  n. 取消 
provisional booking  临时预定 
reference number  查询号码 
up to  最多 

拓展：
kiwi  n. 几维鸟 
ostrich  n. 鸵鸟 
cobra  n. 眼镜蛇 
poisonous spider  毒蜘蛛 
crocodile  n. 鳄鱼 
chameleon  n. 变色龙 
scuba diving  潜水 
cave exploiting  洞穴探险 
sailing  n. 帆船 
drifting  n. 漂流 

----------
haves 富人  		have-nots 穷人
be in the same boat		同舟共济，处境相同
take offense		生气
be back into a corner		走投无路
play out		结束，完成

in a raid		在一场突袭中
standoff		僵局
a shooting rampage		枪击案
in terror		处于恐惧中
siege		围攻
ethnic dispute		种族纠纷
there brings the death toll to...		死亡人数达...





.