---
title: C5 T2 S1
date: 2020-2-22
permalink: /posts/2020/2/22/blog-post-IELTS/ 
tags: 
- IELTS
- 精听
renderNumberedHeading: true
grammar_cjkRuby: true
---

good morning, North college library. how can I help you?

I was wondering(想知道) if it possible to join the library.

are you a student at North college?

no, I'm not. but someone told me it was possible to join, even if I wasn't.

that's right it is. are you over 18? that's our minimum joining age.

yes I am

that's no problem then.

could you tell me what I have to do to join?

well you need to come in to the library and fill our(填写) some forms.

you'll also need to bring two passport photos with you.

we also need two documents for ID, so a driving license would be fine.

I've got that and what else? a credit card?

no, it needs to have your address on it.

shall I bring a bank statement(银行对账单), would that do?

that'll be fine. good, does it cost anything to join?

well, it's free for students here but otherwise it's 125 pounds / year or 25 pounds if you have got current student card from another college.

I was at westerly college until last year but now I have got a job at Jefferson's steel factory(钢铁厂).

it's more expensive than I thought. my local library is free. 

but you find they don't have the range of reference books or facilities which we buy for our students.

that's why you have to pay to be an external member.

I see. how many book can I borrow?

we allow twelve items borrowed at any one time if you are a student, and that includes CDs DVDs and videos.

however, it's only 8 items for members of the public.

fine, and how long can I have them for?

well, you can have both fiction and reference books for four weeks which isn't bad really(真不错).

and what happens if I return them late? 

like all libraries there's a fine system in place.

the minimum fine(罚款) is 1.50 pounds but it can be much higher for some items - up to 5 pounds / week. 

we'll get you a booklet(小册子) with all the details when you join.

you can always renew items if they are not required by anyone else by telephoning or logging on to our website.

what about computers can I use them free of charge? 

for college students it is free but for external members like yourself, the first hours is free and then we make a nominal charge(名义收费 象征性收费) of one pound  / hour thereafter(从那时以后).

do I have to book in advance(提前) for them? yes, it's advisable(明智的 可取的).

most people tend to book 25 hours in advance although sometimes you can get one with only 6 hours notice.

however, the earliest you can book a computer is 48 hours before you need it, and you can only book one hour at a time(每次).

if no one else has booked the computer out, then you may be able to have another hour if you want.

we have a wide range of databases, so the computer are in grate demand(需求量很大).

I'm thinking of doing some writing and I might need to access national newspapers.

do you have them on these databases? 

we do in deed.

we have got all the big nationals, The Guardian(卫报) and The Observer(观察家), The Independent(独立报) and The Times(泰晤士报) and Sunday Times(星期日泰晤士报).

we've also got all the local papers(报纸) and a wide selection of(各种) magazines.

excellent. I assume you have photocopying(复印) facilities.

of course. 5p a sheet for both A4 and A3 black-and-white copies(黑白复印) and 40p a sheet for colour(彩色).

you can get a card from the counter(柜台) here - it doesn't take coins.

ok, by the way, another thing I was wondering about was if you ran any writing classes through the library?

we do, but you'll have to speak to John Grantingham about that.

he's our resident author(常住作家). he runs(开设) the creative writing classes.

John grant... could you spell that for me please?

certainly. Grantingham.

are the classes here at the library?

yes, he's here on Thursday evenings. oh, no sorry, Friday ,he's just changed it.

you can contact him by emailing the library.

ok, right. well that's about all I need to know.

thank you. I'll be along(到达 拜访) later this week to join, thanks, bye.

---
总结：
bank statement  银行对账单
in place  适当的
nominal charge  名义收费 象征性收费
advisable  a. 可取的
photocopying  n. 复印


拓展：
renewal  n. 续借
main building  主楼
wing building  翼楼
annex building  辅楼
ecology  生态学
botany  植物学
meteorology  气象学
sociology  社会学
theology  神学







